Steven.goldman/Add billable hosts CSV export to Bill Overview docs (#37425)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/plan_and_usage/bill_overview.md

- {{< ui >}}Usage Types{{< /ui >}} bar chart: Day-by-day usage stacked by sub-dimension
- {{< ui >}}Allotment Usage{{< /ui >}}: Progress bar showing consumed vs. contracted allotment; displays ">100%" when usage exceeds the allotment
- {{< ui >}}Drilldown in Usage Attribution{{< /ui >}}: Click to open {{< ui >}}Usage Attribution{{< /ui >}}, pre-filtered to the selected billing dimension.

> - {{< ui >}}Download Billable Hosts as CSV{{< /ui >}}: For Infra Hosts, export the individual hosts behind your billable total as a CSV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{< ui >}}Download Billable Hosts as CSV{{< /ui >}}: For Infra Hosts, download the individual hosts that make up your billable total as a CSV.
```

> ### Export billable hosts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Download billable hosts as CSV
```

Download a CSV of the individual hosts that make up your billable Infra Hosts total for a given month. Use it to reconcile the total shown on the Bill Overview page, find the hosts driving the largest share of your count, attribute usage to teams by tag, or compare months to spot unexpected changes.

To export the list:

> 1. In the side panel, use the month selector at the top right to choose a month. The export supports month boundaries only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the side panel, use the month selector at the top right to choose a month. You can only export data for complete calendar months.
```
